Remove Sketch references from Creating icons wiki (#5041)
elastic/eui: wiki/creating-icons.md

![Guides](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/446285/63458958-5624f580-c419-11e9-89cf-45fa1b596329.png)

#### _For Figma users_

> _As a reference, you can view and duplicate our Figma library files via the **Figma icon** link atop the [EUI documentation site][docs] site. The "Icon" page within this file contains artboards for the vast majority of EUI glyphs._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_As a reference, you can view and duplicate our [Figma Icon Template](https://www.figma.com/file/Alv38VIPHGd2cNZYKgtVEe/EUI-Utilities-Icon-Template?node-id=1%3A165). The "template" page within this project contains frames with helper grids, margins, and an example._
```

Author: Love it!!
